Init SIWS doc pages (#357)
LIT-Protocol/docs: docs/sdk/authentication/authenticating-siws.md

# Authenticating Sign-in With Solana Messages

Deriving a Solana public key (aka. address) from a signed message works slightly differently than when using Lit to authenticate signed messages on EVM chains.

> Currently the Lit nodes support deriving an address from a Sign-in With Ethereum Message (EIP-5573), while also validating what was signed using the [EIP-5573 specification](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-5573) (eg. the signed message hasn't expired and has the correct format).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently the Lit nodes support deriving an address from a Sign-in With Ethereum Message (EIP-5573), while also validating what was signed using the [EIP-5573 specification](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-5573) (e.g. the signed message hasn't expired and has the correct format).
```
